# OpenTelemetry Community Code of Conduct

The OpenTelemetry project aims to be a welcoming place where new and existing
members feel safe to respectfully share their opinions and disagreements. We
want to attract a diverse group of people to collaborate with us, which means
acknowledging that people come from different backgrounds and cultures. 

We are bound by the [CNCF Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/cncf/foundation/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) and
covered by that in more serious violations and prefer the reporting of
violations to be made to us as outlined below.

## Reporting violations

If you have seen or experienced unacceptable behavior or anything that would
make our community less welcoming, please speak up! 

The Governance Committee is the right place to bring your concerns and can be
reached via cncf-opentelemetry-governance@lists.cncf.io. You can also get in
touch with any committee member if you feel safer this way: any one of us can
receive your report and will bring it to the entire group for investigation,
anonymously if you prefer. The [current list of
members](https://github.com/open-telemetry/community/blob/main/community-members.md#governance-committee)
can be found on our community repository, and you can ping any of them directly
on [CNCFâ€™s Slack](https://slack.cncf.io). The Governance Committee should be
diverse enough to conduct a neutral investigation having the best interests of
the project in mind at all times, and the results of the investigation will be
given back to the reporter in a timely fashion as an official position of the
GC. If you are unhappy with the outcome, you can escalate that to the CNCF via
conduct@cncf.io. Feel free to contact the CNCF directly if you have reasons to
believe that the board will not conduct a fair investigation.

When the GC determines that a code of conduct violation happened, it will take
the actions deemed necessary and appropriate for the event. In more serious
cases, the community member might be invited to depart from our communities,
giving up any roles they may possess, such as the maintainership of a SIG. In
extreme cases, the GC can force the departure of the member.
